hello
i'm jack hello my name is anne
nice to meet you it's a pleasure
so this is the house
it's really beautiful oh yes it is
but but it's very difficult
to keep clean sorry not a good start
don't worry
your accent is very clear where are you
from
i'm from oxford wow oxford
100 english yes
and you are american
is that right yes but my family is from
italy bologna
oh italy is wonderful my sister is in
italy at the moment
where she's in rome studying
italian painters she's really happy
italians are so friendly oh and that's
alice
she's also part of the family
it's nice to meet you alice so this is
jack
the new flatmate yes and he's nice to
meet you jack
i'm from sydney in australia and you
are a capricorn yes
amazing i come from america
i'm from new york wow the big apple
yes okay um
can i put my things in the bedroom let
me help you
hey this is nice
i'm glad you like it it's a mexican hat
you look great
and what is this it's an
african mask is it magic of course
but look at this
a bottle of italian wine
do you like wine
this wine is very good yes it's really
good
by the way you're very lucky look it's
raining now
yes i am lucky oh that's my photo album
there
the pictures of all my friends are in
here oh that's interesting show me
yes so
this is mary she's from ireland
her mother and father are greedy her
parents are from greece
yes they're greek they're from athens
oh and who's that uh that's
alice no that's not alice oh so yes it
is after a party a halloween party
that's funny and oh and who are they
that's sharon and peter they live in the
flat near here
they're good friends she's very pretty
hello my name is jack
i'm the new flatmate it's nice to meet
you
hello jack i'm peter nash
and sharon okay and this
is sharon
it's a pleasure
how are you sharon fine thanks
oh good your friends
so guys there's work in the kitchen for
everyone
and you are a great cook thank you jack
big announcement finally i have
all the points and i can get that
marvelous set of chinese plates
what yes for the cookies help me fill in
the form jack please
all right let me see the questions
what's your name
are you joking okay okay a-n-n-e
and what's your family name um my
surname yes
right uh baxter
r b-a-x-t-e-r what's your phone number
it's 0 4 5 4
7 8 6 2 0
9 7 0 4 5 4 7
8 8 2 7 no it's
0454 786
right
you have to remember this is your
telephone number two
you're right are you married no
i'm single but a pretty girl like you is
still single
stop it jack please yes for the moment
i'm single
next question please where are you from
um
there are a lot of questions it's for
your chinese players
for the last time i'm from england
from oxford a-x-f-o-r-d
no oh x-f-o-r-d
that's okay what's next just two more
questions
the address is 45 trinity lane
flat c what's the postcode
ec1 4rn ec14rn
and what's your job i'm an employee in a
publishing company
oh you're just the right person for me i
have a great
love story to write
good morning alice how are you
hiya good morning i'm
fine and you fine thanks
excuse me where's my watch
i don't know isn't it under the
magazines
no it isn't are you sure yes i'm sure
it's not under the magazines and
and i'm late i have an appointment at
eight o'clock
maybe it's here on the table
no the watch isn't here
behind the apples next to the pasta
oh there it is thanks alice
you're welcome man bye
[Music]
oh no it's late
alice what time is it just a moment
it's half past seven half
past seven my train is at eight o'clock
hurry up jack you're late
okay okay where are my keys
they're here on the table oh
thanks alice now another problem
where is my sweater maybe it's on the
chair
no it isn't where is it
calm down jack you're wearing it
oh thanks alice
you're a lifesaver hurry up
go go
too much stress i must go back to bed
again
okay okay girls what time is the dinner
tonight at the restaurant
uh it's at half past eight are you sure
i think it's at half past nine okay guys
when is it
i'm certain it's at 8 30. sorry it's at
9 30.
okay okay it's tonight right yes it's
tonight
but what time is it by the way there's a
clock over there it's a quarter seven
so if it's after six sharon's at home oh
no she isn't she's at work
no usually she comes back home after six
hi sharon good evening hi guys sharon
please help us what time is the dinner
tonight
it's quite late it's at half past 10.
see jack
half past 10. okay you're right i'm
wrong
hello anne oh it's you peter
look this is it
look at what my office here
near my bed oh i see
by the way where are the office supplies
the computer supplies are in that
cupboard
over there the folders pencils pens etc
are here in this cupboard and
i also have two chairs oh good are these
for everyone
no they are not don't touch anything
please
okay so you say you have all of the
office supplies
no not really there isn't a fax machine
there aren't all the programs i need on
my computer
and i guess you have an answering
machine is it useful
i don't need an answering machine i
answer the telephone myself
okay you're right this office is nice
and if you need a fax machine i have one
in my apartment oh thank you
wait a minute something is missing
where's the coffee machine all offices
have a coffee machine
i'm afraid there isn't one here there's
a staff kitchen
on the other side of the house in the
kitchen we can have some coffee there
good idea
do you want milk with your coffee
there's a bottle in the back of the
fridge
i prefer it without milk but with some
sugar
oh i'm afraid there isn't any sugar
well that's okay black coffee is good
too
do you have any of those great cookies
oh yes
are some cookies over here
peter speaking what
an audition
no not at all
i'm free great
bye well
finally on audition wonderful
when next monday at the opera theater
these cookies are fantastic are there
any more
some more in the box thank you bye anne
time for music
hey take your dirty napkin
away from my kitchen
yes i always go shopping on saturdays
the first thing i do on saturday is
drive to the supermarket
i sometimes go shopping on saturdays
but usually i sleep late
i'm always so tired on saturdays
i'm never tired on the weekend the
weekend is a time for fun
i paint go jogging go out with some
friends
unfortunately i sometimes have to study
oh i sometimes do a little work at the
weekend
when i'm free i like going swimming
going to exhibitions or to concerts
if i have enough money oh and
every sunday i clean up
the entire flat
and in the evening i watch tv oh i never
watch
tv it's boring
peter and i like going to the cinema at
the weekend
yes it's important not to watch too much
tv
an hour a day or so that's enough
come on guys you talk like my
grandfather
work tv housework on the weekends
life is more i want you to take me to
places where
young people have fun great
get ready grandpa work is so
hard guys i wake up at 6
30 every day have breakfast
and take the train to work every day
i know i get up at seven
but i have a friend at work who usually
gets up at
six why that's too early
it takes him an hour to drive to work
wow
that's a long drive yes
but he lives in the country
i think he's lucky every weekend he can
go for walks in the woods
not in traffic jams i guess that's
pretty nice
he lives in the countryside but works in
the city
a pretty nice combination
what about you sharon what time do you
wake up
i usually get up at about nine o'clock
but i live in the city it's easy to get
to work
yes but you get home very late often 6
30 or 7.
you know i sometimes have five or six
groups of tourists a day
you work too much my dear
and you sing too much peter
alice i bet you don't wake up
at six o'clock every day tell us
something about
your typical day at university well i
sometimes have classes in the morning
but i usually have classes in the
afternoon
on mondays i always attend lectures in
the morning
and where do you study i usually study
in the library
but i sometimes study at home too
when i don't have classes in the morning
my friend david also studies at your
university
do you remember him david leary
yes i occasionally see him in the
library and sometimes in the park
in the park doing what
he likes studying there he takes his
books
finds a nice park bench and reads there
not a bad idea you can study and enjoy
nature at the same time
yes i like the park too
unfortunately i often need books that
are in the library
and what about lunch do you usually make
sandwiches
and take them with you oh no
i hate cooking i usually have lunch in
the cafeteria
with friends oh i do just the opposite i
usually cook lunch at home
i seldom have a quick lunch at coffee
shops
okay guys stop with this
boring talk what about
fun do any of you do anything
besides working and studying
it's friday remember
you're right jack i'm so happy
it's friday me too
it's weekend time time for
shopping let me ask you a question alice
sure ask any question you like i'm an
open book do you have a boyfriend
well i go out with some boys
but that's nothing serious
according to my birth chart i need some
taurines but that's not easy now that
saturn is in leo
i see anyway i think you have a strange
relationship with boys
oh no i like boys
very much they're great at carrying
packages
you're exceptional thanks
jack but now stop talking about me
let's talk about you what do you
think of me no really
i'm curious what do you do at work
oh nothing special um you know
speedmaster
the sported goods factory yeah sure they
produce
wonderful running shoes what department
do you work in
i'm a sales manager last month they gave
me a promotion
and now i'm responsible for southern
europe that's why i moved here
wow that's really interesting you must
be very good at work what exactly do you
do
oh basically i look for new clients and
keep them informed about new product
lines and take care of their requests
what kind of requests do they have oh
they often ask questions about
new models and prices what do you do if
they want a discount
well basically i don't get mad i
listen to them and then i tell them no
well seriously speaking it depends each
client is different
if they're important i try to make an
agreement with them
hi anne hi sharon where's peter
oh peter's preparing his audition well
tell peter i wish him good luck do you
really care
oh girls we're talking about jobs tell
me about your job sharon
what do you do at the moment ah that's
an interesting question
really why do you say that well you know
i have a degree in archaeology
but now i'm doing something quite
different do you have a part-time job
no unfortunately it's a full-time job i
work for a travel agency
oh what do you do i give
tours around the city i bring tourists
to monuments and museums
and other interesting places oh that's
nice
could i have you as a tour guide for one
day i'm sorry
i only work with groups usually with
japanese people
oh well i'm a black belt in karate very
funny
but it's not enough it's too bad
and stop cleaning for a moment sit down
and tell me about your
job
okay okay okay okay i work in a
publishing company oh so you work with
famous writers
not exactly um i don't work with the
writers
i just read their proofs and correct
them before printing
ah by the way do you know paul taylor he
works with you right
yes yeah but we don't work in the same
department he works in the advertising
department
but we are good friends every weekend we
play tennis together
i play tennis i'm jealous do you play
tennis two
do you want to play with us well just
joking i don't play tennis that well
only karate i am
beautiful don't say i'm beautiful
i am beautiful
i am in short form you can say
arm or you can say i'm okay so
i am um so you can say
i'm beautiful i'm beautiful
number two i'm busy or you can say
i am busy remember in
writing we cannot use short form like
this
okay we have to use i am beautiful
when you when it comes to speaking you
can say
i am beautiful or i'm beautiful
in speaking people just want to say
quickly
so they usually use short form i'm
so i'm beautiful i'm busy
for speaking but for writing we use
i am beautiful and i am busy
okay so remember i with m
now number three he
is crazy he is crazy
he is we can say he's
so you can say he's crazy he's
crazy he's crazy
now number four you can say in short
form
he's handsome he's handsome or
he is handsome remember in writing
we have to write he is crazy
he is handsome number seven and number
eight
it is sunny
so as you can see it go with ace
okay it is sunny in short form we can
say
it is it's so you can say
it's sunny it's sunny
number eight it's great it's great
you are happy you are attractive
variety for speaking you're
you're happy you're attractive
number 13 and number 14
we are set so
we go with r2
we are set set that means unhappy
we are set now we are
in short form we can say we're
we're number 15 and number 16
they are excited so
you can see they goes
with r they are they are
excited excited just like happy
uh they are they are excited
they are in short form you can write
sorry you can say there
there just like over there there
so i can say they are excited
right number 16 they are hungry
they're hungry or i can say they are
hungry
so in writing we should write they are
excited they are hungry
so remember
not is usually after
b and b for adjective
okay and i i go
with m she he is
singular now we use ease
and not is not okay
or is it or for
she he it we can use not
for you we they
for you with a and the plural nouns we
can use
are and if not we use and not
or and and for you we they
you can use the short form like this
are you are not we are not or
they are not am i young am i young do
you think that i'm young
am i young okay i'm fun
am i fun okay am i fun or am i
interesting
um okay you have to pay attention to
my intonation okay here
i am young okay so the question
am i young am i young so you raise your
voice
okay at the end of the question four
years no question
i am am i young okay am i fun
so how do you answer
if i ask you am i young am i fine
how do you answer me if you think so
you would say yes you are because
i asked you like am i young
am i fine and you have to answer me yes
you are you that means me
okay yes you are or you don't think so
you say
no you aren't okay aren't we say aaron
aren't yes you are no you aren't
you are unhappy when i move into the
question
are you unhappy are you unhappy
remember to raise your voice at the end
of the question
are you unhappy are you unhappy
you're sleepy are you sleepy
are you sleepy okay sleepy
that means you want to go to sleep
so if i ask you are you unhappy
are you sleepy if that is correct you
have to answer
yes i am yes i am or you can
link them together yes i yes i am
or no i'm not no i'm not
so hope rope
telescope envelope
cope group
slope microscope
lope elope okay
now i hope to meet him soon
hope do you like to skip rope
rope my father wants to buy
a telescope we have telescope
could you read the address on the
envelope for me
envelope we believe that he will be able
to cope
with the problems cope
she was dropping her way up to the
staircase
in the dark groping
grope can you see that the sun
is sloping in the west
slope may i borrow your microscope
microscope our dogs
were loping along beside my mom lobe
my cousin has eloped with
her boyfriend